TF-M: Fix UART1 baudrate handling (#10105)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

  **Workaround:** Edit the affected configurations file so that ``align`` is correctly placed inside the ``placement`` section of the config file.

.. rst-class:: v2-2-0

> NCSDK-19536: Boards without a uart1 node do not compile with TF-M logging enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSDK-19536: Boards without a UART1 node do not compile with TF-M logging enabled
```

Reviewer: Oh, I remembered it the other way around. Then ignore that, in the next line you have UART1 with capital letters, maybe we can convert that to lower case?

> NCSDK-19536: Boards without a uart1 node does not compile with TF-M logging enabled

Reviewer 2: does -> do

>   TF-M will not compile when the board does not have a uart1 node defined in device tree configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  TF-M will not compile when the board does not have a UART1 node defined in device tree configuration.
```

>   TF-M will not compile when the board does not have a uart1 node defined in device tree configuration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  TF-M will not compile when the board does not have a uart1 node defined in the devicetree configuration.
```

Reviewer 3: It might be just me, but I find it strange that the title says that the boards won't compile with TF-M enabled, and the text for the known issue says that TF-M won't compile (because the board is missing a uart1 node). Should we align these two? I don't know if it matters, I just thought I'd point it out :)

Author: > It might be just me, but I find it strange that the title says that the boards won't compile with TF-M enabled, and the text for the known issue says that TF-M won't compile (because the board is missing a uart1 node). Should we align these two? I don't know if it matters, I just thought I'd point it out :)

I have rephrased, the sentences was a bit strange I agree. Hopefully this is better.

>   **Workaround:** Add uart1 node with baudrate property or disable TF-M logging by enabling :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TFM_LOG_LEVEL_SILENCE`.

Reviewer 3: Alternatively, you might use bullet list. Up to you :)
```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Use one of the following workarounds:
  
  * Add uart1 node with baudrate property in the devicetree configuration.
  * Disable TF-M logging by enabling the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TFM_LOG_LEVEL_SILENCE` option.
```

  **Workaround:** Edit the affected configurations file so that ``align`` is correctly placed inside the ``placement`` section of the config file.

.. rst-class:: v2-2-0

> NCSDK-19536: TF-M does not compile when the board does not have a uart1 node and TF-M logging is enabled
>   TF-M does not compile when the board does not have a uart1 node defined in the devicetree configuration and TF-M logging is enabled

Reviewer 3: Ok, how about:
```suggestion
NCSDK-19536: TF-M does not compile when the board is missing a uart1 node and TF-M logging is enabled
  TF-M does not compile when a uart1 node is not defined in a board's devicetree configuration and TF-M logging is enabled.
```
